support loading pushover secrets from files (#3200)
prometheus/alertmanager: docs/configuration.md

# Whether to notify about resolved alerts.
[ send_resolved: <boolean> | default = true ]

> # The recipient user's key. Either `user_key` or `user_key_file` should be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The recipient user's key. 
# user_key and user_key_file are mutually exclusive.
```

user_key: <secret>
user_key_file: <filepath>

# Your registered application's API token, see https://pushover.net/apps
# You can also register a token by cloning this Prometheus app:
# https://pushover.net/apps/clone/prometheus

> # Either `token` or `token_file` should be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# token and token_file are mutually exclusive.
```
